Raw Ideas

Jumping from that cliff
might seem an easy exit,
no-one will care after
a few weeks or months,
Sun will still rise from the East,
and planets will still go
round and round the sun.
But think about your earth,
to whom you were the center
of his whole universe.
It was alive just 'cos of Sun's warmth.
As little as it may feel,
as scattered as it may seem,
but it is all what Earth asks for.
I won't get another friend as special as you.

Life is short so make every effort count.

You saw the vibrant feathers,
but overlooked its pain to carry it.

An immovable unshakable focus into a task is meditation.

Whoever you are
whatever you do
wherever you stay
YOU are innocent my friend.
you deserve all the love in the universe,
but don't demand love,
be the love.


It was just a bad day,
not a bad life.
Please don't quit.


If any of your acquaintances is reading these
they are suicidal or sensitive.
Don't give your advice, just talk to them
or listen. Or just sit next to them in silence.

Be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.

It is the possiblity of a dream come true which makes life interesting.

Sochoge nhi to hoga bhi nhi.

But why so serious.

Stop.Breate.Find your solitude.Find your purpose.Then make it true.

Staring into nothingness.

By forgiving you make space for love to prosper,
which removes the clouds of despair and allow the light of happiness to shine upon you.

***************About Death************

whatever one does, right or wrong
people can't accept it unless forced,
they will lie to themselves till death
but won't accept their actions or inactions
were wrong. They will convince themselves of
their innocence and but the best part is
deep inside the truth still prevails.
That is what doesn't let them stay in peace,
that is what keeps them awake whole night,
thats what makes them smoke endless cigarettes.

No one in the world knows about them,
no court forces them for a trial,
no teacher questions their morality,
no prison keeps them bounded,
but their values.

carrying all this burden upon their shoulders,
men walks onto the stage,
wearing the mask which the audience expects,
puts on a very interesting show,
enters his vanity with jingling pockets but
couldn't face the demons staring from
the mirror.


----------The Truman Show------------

This movie is so unique that it makes you question the very nature of reality. It reminds you of those feelings which you
had about the world when you were young, but as if the 
whole world convinced you into them being false. As if the 
world wanted you to go the other way, in a way where you have to be fake, a cheater,a people pleaser, a competitor or 
someone who is always unsatisfied or unhappy because of life.
That one even thinks of ending such a beautiful life at some instances. 

The movie shows that our lives are monotonous and some sort of script written by some higher authority. As if they get to decide what is important for us and what is not. As if they get to choose what we will feel and what we won't. Amidst all this we are trying to figure out a meaning of life.We cannot reach a conclusion by thinking inside this loop. We have to think beyond what we know, what we feel, what we desire, thats how we might exit this loop. This feels like a paradox. How can we exit the loop by staying in the loop? 

It also reflects a fact that all our fears, our disbeliefs, our doubts, our problems are nothing but a lie told to us by the world. We aren't those timid beings that of which we have been convinced of. We can overcome those. We can be stronger than we know. More powerful than we look.

We are nothing but the star dust. Our egoes are fake, our cruelty is fake, our greediness is fake and the whole idea of privacy is fake.

When we try to leave this fake world or walk into a more meaningful path we are obstructed by this unknown power which does not want us to leave. It will do everything in its power to make sure we stay inside our limitations. So that we don't realise our true potential. Thats where we have to act smart thats where we have to show courage to fight all the setbacks and emerge as a stronger being. 

With constant perseverance and hard work,just like that the whole fraudulent pretentious world will fall apart and you will be faced with the true reality of the unknown. Right before setting your first foot into this world, a sound of the unknown will ask you to return back to what is comfortable and easy. This will be the voice of what we call 'GOD'. Just like the wise words of Truman we must say "good morning good afternoon good evening and good night in case we don't see each other ever again"